Link to how to install nf-core (#1747)
nf-core/nf-co.re: markdown/usage/installation.md

## Nextflow

All nf-core pipelines use Nextflow, so this must be installed on the system where you launch your analysis.

> See [nextflow.io](https://www.nextflow.io/docs/latest/getstarted.html#installation) for the latest installation instructions. Once installed, see [_Nextflow configuration_](configuration.md) to set up Nextflow to run on your system. To install `nf-core` afterwards, follow [these instructions](https://nf-co.re/tools/#installation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [nextflow.io](https://www.nextflow.io/docs/latest/getstarted.html#installation) for the latest installation instructions. Once installed, see [_Nextflow configuration_](configuration.md) to set up Nextflow to run on your system.

> **Note**: You don't need to install the `nf-core` command line tools to run nf-core pipelines, you only need Nextflow. They can help with certain things though. Installation instructions for those are further down..
```
